Update dotnet store examples and add a link for optimization step (#28037)
dotnet/docs: docs/core/tools/dotnet-store.md

- **`--skip-optimization`**

>   Skips the optimization phase. For information about optimization, see [Preparing a runtime environment](../deploying/runtime-store.md#preparing-a-runtime-environment).

Reviewer: This should use the standard info text
```suggestion
  Skips the optimization phase. For more information about optimization, see [Preparing a runtime environment](../deploying/runtime-store.md#preparing-a-runtime-environment).
```

> - Store the packages specified in the *packages.csproj* project file for .NET Core 2.0.0:

Reviewer: Intro text here says 2.0.0 but the command was updated for 6.0

> - Store the packages specified in the *packages.csproj* project file for .NET Core 2.0.0:

Author: ```suggestion
- Store the packages specified in the *packages.csproj* project file for .NET 6.0.1:
```
